docs: section about dropped openapi option (#3243)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/faq.md

This will work for the current environment. To persist this fix, add the above line to your environment's config file, ex. `bashrc` file.

> # I cannot use the command `operator-sdk generate openapi`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## I cannot use the command `operator-sdk generate openapi`
```

Reviewer: To fix the layout.

> A decision was made to extract this tool outside of operator-sdk in version v0.17, see migration guide on for that version [here][version_17x] and you should know that file file `./hack/boilerplate.go.txt` is for adding a LICENCE file to the top of documents, and can be removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `operator-sdk generate openapi` was removed from the SDK tool in the version `v0.17.0`. It is now recommended to use [openapi-gen][openapi-gen] directly for OpenAPI code generation. 

Note that the file `./hack/boilerplate.go.txt` is used to allow add the LICENCE comment on the top of the documents and then, it can be removed.
```

Reviewer: We can point out the users to the right place instead of using the migration guide.

This will work for the current environment. To persist this fix, add the above line to your environment's config file, ex. `bashrc` file.

> ## I cannot use the command `operator-sdk generate openapi`
> The command `operator-sdk generate openapi` was removed from the SDK tool in the version `v0.17.0`. It is now recommended to use [openapi-gen][openapi-gen] directly for OpenAPI code generation. 

Reviewer 2: Can we reword this to something like:

```suggestion
## How do I generate OpenAPI Go source files for my APIs?
It is recommended to use [openapi-gen][openapi-gen] for OpenAPI code generation.
```

> Note that in the example on the docs, the flag `-h ./hack/boilerplate.go.txt` is used to allow add the LICENCE comment on the top of the documents and then, it can be removed.

Reviewer 2: Where is the example? I think we should embed that directly in the FAQ.

Note that we're switching to the kubebuilder-based project layout in #3190, so we should make the example work for that project structure (not our existing project structure).

@hasbro17 did you run across an examples in our docs for running openapi-gen that had to change due to the new layout?

Reviewer 3: @joelanford Hmm no. The only place where we mention how to use openapi-gen is in the version upgrade guide right around the time we dropped support for `operator-sdk generate openapi`.
https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/migration/version-upgrade-guide/#v017x

But I guess for the new project layout you'd just need to update the input/output package paths to your API Go types and you can use that:
```console
# Install openapi-gen binary. Although not this way since this pollutes your SDK's go.mod file
$ go get k8s.io/kube-openapi/cmd/openapi-gen

$ tree apis/
apis/
└── cache
    └── v1alpha1
        ├── groupversion_info.go
        ├── memcached_types.go
        └── zz_generated.deepcopy.go

# openapi-gen always needs a go header file so just use an empty one if not needed
$ touch header.txt

$ openapi-gen  --output-base="" --input-dirs=./apis/cache/v1alpha1 --output-package=./apis/cache/v1alpha1 --output-file-base=zz_generated.openapi -h=./header.txt

$ tree apis/
apis/
└── cache
    └── v1alpha1
        ├── groupversion_info.go
        ├── memcached_types.go
        ├── zz_generated.deepcopy.go
        └── zz_generated.openapi.go
```

Oh also, with Kubebuilder we don't have the `// +k8s:openapi-gen=true` tags in our `<kind>_type.go` scaffolds anymore. So you'd probably need to add those to the Go types yourself.

Reviewer: Hi @georgettica could you please check it with the new layout to provide the example? To do that you need use the master branch and run `mkdir <projectname>`, `cd <projectname>` and then, `operator-sdk init`

Author: will it skaffold a current project with the new information? for I got a confusing result.
I ran the command on my current operator and recieved an error but files and folders were created.

When I ran the init command a `hack/boilerplate.go.txt` was created so if I were using the command in https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/migration/version-upgrade-guide/#v017x

and I guess the tags`// +k8s:openapi-gen=true` were removed for extracting the openapi-gen from the codebase, so a not should refer to that

Reviewer: Hi @georgettica,

SDK is in a process to be integrated with KB which means that its project layouts will be aligned. More info : [Integrating Kubebuilder and Operator SDK](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/blob/master/designs/integrating-kubebuilder-and-osdk.md).  If you run `operator-sdk init` you will scaffold a project with the new layout. 

What is missing here is we provide the example and the info let the users know how to do with the Legacy layout and the new one. Is it make sense?

[client.Reader]:https://godoc.org/sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/client#Reader
[rbac]:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/
[goroot-github-issue]:https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/1854#issuecomment-525132306

> [version_17x]: /docs/migration/version-upgrade-guide/#v017x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[openapi-gen]: https://github.com/kubernetes/kube-openapi/tree/master/cmd/openapi-gen
```
